Dawn Abriel: This is Sam. See, I think it's
Dawn Abriel: Hello.
Dawn Abriel: Lisa Harrison.
Melissa Harrison: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: I'm Dr brielle
Dawn Abriel: This is your
Mission.
Dawn Abriel: Here so
Dawn Abriel: I we have some people working in our house today. So I had to go to a guest room. So let me get set up.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Here.
Dawn Abriel: Thank you for being on time. I really appreciate it.
Dawn Abriel: Usually I have all of this done before I even meet with the patient. So
Melissa Harrison: It's okay.
Dawn Abriel: Birthday June 25 1998
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Alright, so let me put this picture of you over to the side so I can work on this tiny little screen and we will do
Dawn Abriel: The
Dawn Abriel: Right heart health history and physical
Dawn Abriel: The first things I need to ask you are about your addiction.
Dawn Abriel: So,
Dawn Abriel: Where are you living
Melissa Harrison: I'm like town wise.
Melissa Harrison: Los Alamos, okay.
Dawn Abriel: Oh that's right you part of the court system.
Dawn Abriel: Yes. Let's see.
Dawn Abriel: So patient referred by
Dawn Abriel: Alright and
Dawn Abriel: The last time you had any opioid
Melissa Harrison: Um,
Melissa Harrison: I think when I got
Melissa Harrison: Prescribed like
Melissa Harrison: I drove when I got my wisdom teeth out like a couple years ago.
Melissa Harrison: Okay, so
Dawn Abriel: What were you arrested for
Melissa Harrison: DUI.
Dawn Abriel: DUI. Okay, so you identify as more of an alcoholic then opioid use disorder.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, yeah. I've never used up here.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, that's so we you're in a minority, most of our people are opioid use. We have a few alcoholic so
Dawn Abriel: The
Dawn Abriel: There is so many similar brain changes that happened from alcohol also so
Dawn Abriel: And that DUI was when
Melissa Harrison: It was January.
Dawn Abriel: 28 2020. And so what have you been doing since then.
Melissa Harrison: Um, well, working a lot until our started getting cut to the coronavirus but um I've been doing weekly check ins with my probation officer. I finally went to court, just this last
Melissa Harrison: Week, maybe week and a half ago, um, got my sentence. Finally, um, I already did like a week of an ankle monitor for that. And I mean, yeah, I've been doing weekly like weekly check ins with my probation officer this whole okay
Dawn Abriel: And you have an ankle bracelet on now.
Melissa Harrison: No, no, I only had it on for five days, it was great. Yeah. Yeah. So I just went ahead and the very next week, not even a week after my court. I went in and got it on and I just got that over with right away.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. All right. And so what has the alcohol.
Dawn Abriel: When did you start drinking
Melissa Harrison: I mean I guess I had my first drink when I was gonna say like 13
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And when did it start becoming a problem.
Melissa Harrison: Um, well.
Melissa Harrison: I've been told. Most recently, not really, like, I didn't really like drinking that much.
Melissa Harrison: I started
Melissa Harrison: Finding like wines that I really liked and so then that's when I started drinking a little bit more because I actually liked the taste of it.
Melissa Harrison: And it was mainly just like I wouldn't drink very often, and I didn't have alcohol sit in my fridge for days and I wouldn't even like think about it like I wouldn't have an urge to drink.
Melissa Harrison: It mainly just be like, when there was like someone's birthday or something, then it was like, oh yeah, we're like gonna have fun. And then I would just be like, go over the top, every time.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: Did you ever have a blackout.
Melissa Harrison: I've only had one blackout ever. And it was actually the night of my rack.
Uh huh. Yes.
Dawn Abriel: So many people have ended up saying to me that getting arrested was the best thing that happened to them it put the brakes on that path right I
Melissa Harrison: agree with that. I mean, I was, um, it was my friend have just come back into town. She'd been gone for years. So we're all like medicine. We're having fun.
Melissa Harrison: And I was drinking a lot of wine, which I shouldn't have been and
Melissa Harrison: I guess I got mad about something. I don't know. I blacked out before anything happened. And so I went to go home and I was like a block away from my house.
Melissa Harrison: And I like took a turn to sharply and like kind of like the wheels wouldn't straighten out, I guess.
Melissa Harrison: Because I kind of saw where it happened, and like I went up into someone's yard and just like hit the track a little bit. It didn't cause back really any damage my car was way messed up. But like
Melissa Harrison: I was going super slow, too. So it was weird. I don't know, but I don't remember any of it and I came back to it like being able to remember things and it was like four in the morning and I was in a jail cell.
Melissa Harrison: Was trying to figure out what was going on. So, I mean, that was a huge wake up call to me because that was frightening. Yeah.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, I did not have a person that wants to go to jail. So that was like, No, I was crying and my mug shot. I was freaking out.
Melissa Harrison: So no, yeah, it's really to know if you wake up call.
Dawn Abriel: And so by recently, do you mean that it just started gradually increasing this last year, last two years.
Melissa Harrison: Probably just yeah like the last year, I think I started drinking more like last year around May. So pretty much, I mean, I guess the wreck happened in January, so it wouldn't have been the same, but yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: It has not gotten in the way of jobs or relationships or has
No.
Dawn Abriel: This is great. We can you can get some understanding about this before it starts
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, exactly, before it turns into something serious.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, and
Dawn Abriel: Anyone else in your family have an issue with alcoholism.
Melissa Harrison: I'm not to my knowledge, no. I'm like, everyone on my dad's family is super religious and
Melissa Harrison: I don't want like I wasn't, I was just like, raised by my dad, so I don't really know. My mom's side of the family.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: That helps also
Dawn Abriel: Um, so what would you have you been hospitalized for any mental health issues.
Dawn Abriel: And what would you say your stress level is right now, mild, moderate, severe
Melissa Harrison: Maybe a little moderate
Dawn Abriel: And what is distress from
Dawn Abriel: This little stuff economic
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, I was like, it's really just like everything going on with coronavirus right now and then like work is cutting our so like that's a little stressful.
Melissa Harrison: But I mean I'm managing okay
Dawn Abriel: And how about your self esteem. How would you rate.
Melissa Harrison: I've always had a high self esteem.
Good.
Dawn Abriel: You know what your blood type is
Melissa Harrison: Um, I don't. I've never gotten blood work done before.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Now I'm going to read past the long list of medical problems. So just stop me if any of them apply to you.
Dawn Abriel: Any head trauma any problem with your eyes, ears, nose or throat know breathing problems with pneumonia or asthma know
Melissa Harrison: Asthma, I was diagnosed with asthma. When I was like, born
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And then what, when did you last attack.
Melissa Harrison: I haven't heard back probably since elementary school I was probably like eight or nine. So it's been a good while. But I still am prescribe like an inhaler, just in case.
Dawn Abriel: For rescue. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So no muscle joint or bone diseases Mel thyroid problems know diabetes, anemia, cancer, HIV sexually transmitted diseases, and you've never tested positive for tuberculosis.
Dawn Abriel: No skin problems, no new moles are rashes epilepsy seizures severe headaches. Migraines or stroke no bipolar depression. You don't see or hear things that other people don't suicidal thoughts suicidal attempts
Dawn Abriel: Your liver is okay your gallbladder. You don't have heartburn or hemorrhoids or hepatitis or also disease.
Dawn Abriel: No hearing aids or dentures. You don't have allergic problems with chronic sinus infections. Your were born with the normal heart. You don't have a murmur or high blood pressure or blood clots and your kidneys and bladder work normally
Dawn Abriel: Anything that you have that I didn't ask you
Melissa Harrison: Know, yeah. All I have is asthma.
Dawn Abriel: All right, keep it that way.
Melissa Harrison: Though. Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: And I assume you've had no surgeries.
Melissa Harrison: No, I never like broken or sprained anything
Dawn Abriel: Is amazing
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, no, yeah, I've been fortunate
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Um, oops I press the wrong button. I have to wait and go back and see
Dawn Abriel: I'm not used to working on this tiny little screen your mother is alive and in good health.
Melissa Harrison: Or yeah, okay.
Dawn Abriel: And your father is alive and in good health.
Melissa Harrison: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: And do you have siblings.
Melissa Harrison: I do. I have an older sister and my younger brother.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, first sister is alive and in good health.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, and rather
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Melissa Harrison: He's an energetic little 11 year old.
Dawn Abriel: Boy Yeah, I have an 11 year old grandson, they
Dawn Abriel: They can keep you busy.
Melissa Harrison: Oh, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: This is interesting.
Dawn Abriel: I forget on these smaller screens. I kid can't
Dawn Abriel: Scroll down to get to the Save button.
Melissa Harrison: We're no
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Wonder how I do this.
Dawn Abriel: Hey, if I make it much bigger.
Dawn Abriel: There that did it.
Dawn Abriel: Well, I have to remember that trick.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Let's do the social history. Tell me what role tobacco is played in your life.
Melissa Harrison: Um, I've smoked cigarettes probably sense like I was 17 I want to say.
Dawn Abriel: Okay. And how much do you smoke a day.
Melissa Harrison: I only slept like one or two.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: Do you eat healthy meals. Do you have more than a few fast food meals per week.
Melissa Harrison: I think for me, like, I mean, I'll have McDonald's everyone smile, but mainly I'll just get fries and I'll eat something else with it at home. But, uh, I think I eat pretty healthy. I love avocados and fruits. So I had a lot of that.
Dawn Abriel: Came out
Melissa Harrison: Of my mates. You know, so
Dawn Abriel: Do you get regular exercise.
Melissa Harrison: Yes, I go on hikes all the time.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, do you have a household smoke detector.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And are there any guns kept in your home. No.
Dawn Abriel: Do you wear your seat belts.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, okay. And are you sexually active right now.
No.
Dawn Abriel: You're female and you identify as female
Melissa Harrison: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Okie doke. Have you ever used values Xanax any of the benzodiazepines, just for fun.
Dawn Abriel: And you were born and raised were
Melissa Harrison: In Los Alamos
Dawn Abriel: And how much caffeine. Do you take in
Melissa Harrison: I don't really like copy, you know, every once while I'll get like a Starbucks drink. Maybe, but it's going to be 90% creamer and like 10% copies. You know, it's a very, very little.
Dawn Abriel: So you like coffee flavored milk.
Dawn Abriel: Yes, yes.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any children.
Dawn Abriel: Know, and how far did you go in school.
Melissa Harrison: I graduated high school
Dawn Abriel: Which your work history, what kinds of things have you done for work.
Melissa Harrison: Um, so before my wreck. I was a Domino's delivery driver and then before that I was the medical records director at a nursing home in town.
Melissa Harrison: Mm hmm. And I started out that as a receptionist got promoted to that. And that's pretty much what I've been doing for the past like three years.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Melissa Harrison: Before like school
Dawn Abriel: Have you had experience with methamphetamines or cocaine or marijuana
Melissa Harrison: I am prescribed my medical marijuana card.
Before
Melissa Harrison: For insomnia and PTSD.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So you use marijuana every day.
Melissa Harrison: Yes, I usually smoke a bowl before I go to bed. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: And you have no housing insecurity, you're not homeless.
Melissa Harrison: No. Well, I have my own house here with my sister.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and what do you like to do for fun. Besides, taking
Melissa Harrison: And that's usually what I like to do. I also like to just go and watch live in places I like photography. So I'll just kind of walk around and like take pictures of plan. So I like the sunset, because we're in the mountain. So it's super, super pretty here.
Melissa Harrison: I just like the outdoors.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: And your legal issue right now you're on probation.
Dawn Abriel: Or parole.
Dawn Abriel: Probation okay
Dawn Abriel: And you live with your sister.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah. All right.
Dawn Abriel: And
Dawn Abriel: What is the peak when were you diagnosed with PTSD.
Melissa Harrison: For it was more of a thing. I got my so in my wreck and I had just found a Colorado earlier in the day and gotten some weed.
Melissa Harrison: And it was on the car when I got my back. So I got a possession and paraphernalia charge. And then I went ahead and promptly when I got out of jail, I went and applied for my medical card and um
Melissa Harrison: Was that was mainly to help with dropping those charges. And so, mainly, it was just the wreck really did it like it shouldn't we have not only in like thinking about the alcohol hallways, but also because
Melissa Harrison: I mean, when I got out of jail, I had to go to a town over to go to where my car was told to just see what even IT HAPPENED TO MY CAR. YOU KNOW, I had no idea what to expect.
Melissa Harrison: And like the tires. Crazy, crazy all messed up and like the front was like smashed in and it was really freaky. And so like
Melissa Harrison: For the good like month after I got out of jail, pretty much like my nose is calmed a little bit. But anyhow, I was like in a car. Anytime I was like a slight over break or anything. I was like, freaking out, like I would start like breathing heavy and I just was super stressed out because
Melissa Harrison: It's like I'm not sure what happened in the wreck. So like every little thing is triggering me and like, Oh my gosh, like, Are we okay and that was really, really freaky to go through at first.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah. What are your work hours.
Melissa Harrison: Um, right now we have a coronavirus it's like five hours a week, and before I was full time.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, so you would be able to join groups that are during the day.
Melissa Harrison: For ran. I'm probably. Yeah, I'm using the
Melissa Harrison: Last couple weeks I've only been working on Tuesdays.
Dawn Abriel: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: We have a
Dawn Abriel: We have a new group that I think you would be really appropriate for its Tuesdays at noon.
Melissa Harrison: How long does it last.
Dawn Abriel: An hour
Melissa Harrison: I can, I can talk to my employer, because I go into work tomorrow, I can talk to my manager and see if that's cool, because usually my shift is from like 10 to one so
Melissa Harrison: Let me see if I can like work around like get a break or something.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, I think women should break and you can you can eat while you're doing this. It's just like this.
Melissa Harrison: You get it.
Dawn Abriel: Home and you're just with other people.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, I think that would be the best for you.
Dawn Abriel: I'm just gonna write that in here.
Melissa Harrison: Kitty.
Dawn Abriel: Um,
Dawn Abriel: How old were you when you first started having periods.
Melissa Harrison: Um,
Melissa Harrison: Let's see here is a nice, you know, seventh grade. So I was
Melissa Harrison: I want to say like 11
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and any abnormal Pap smears any problems.
Melissa Harrison: No, no.
Dawn Abriel: And you've never been pregnant.
Melissa Harrison: No.
All right.
Dawn Abriel: So again, I'm going to read a really long list just stop me if any of them apply to you.
Dawn Abriel: Peter, night sweats chills cold intolerance, fatigue, weight gain drinking a lot of eating a lot red eyes double vision, blurred vision loss of vision change in vision.
Dawn Abriel: difficulty hearing, hearing loss ear drainage ringing in your ears, nose, chronic congestion of the nose so lips or mouse or tongue.
Dawn Abriel: lumps or bumps in your neck stiffness or neck pain, difficulty breathing a new car for shortness of breath, chest pain, irregular heartbeat not been able to breathe lying down swelling in your legs varicose veins, diarrhea, constipation,
Dawn Abriel: Vomiting rectal pain, abdominal pain blend your urine painful urination Pina lot pain to little change in hair, skin or nail texture new most
Dawn Abriel: Muscle pain back pain tender points muscle cramps limp for to go lightheadedness painting numbness, tingling, weakness, lack of coordination change in difficulty speaking changing mood depression sadness interfering with function, but we will put anxiety.
Dawn Abriel: PTSD GST
Dawn Abriel: Are you still having sleep disturbances.
Melissa Harrison: Um, yeah, I mean. So right now, it started like going away. But it's kind of been coming back, but I feel like that's mainly just because I'm I've got
Melissa Harrison: this cute little guy here that is seven months old, that I just got
Melissa Harrison: And he he's kind of a terrorism times and he wakes me up quite a lot in the nighttime so it's like even if, like I do fall asleep heavy like he keeps waking me up and then it's like, once I'm woken up like
Melissa Harrison: I'm just up and I'm just sitting there like trying to fall asleep, a whole time I see you know it's like your morning and I'm like sitting there like oh my gosh yeah so like I'm gonna
Melissa Harrison: It's kind of in a different way. Now,
Dawn Abriel: As he gets older, that will calm down.
Melissa Harrison: No, yeah, I have another one. He's two
Melissa Harrison: Years old now, but I got him when he was two months.
Dawn Abriel: Oh,
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking.
Dawn Abriel: Even though you're sleep deprived, you don't have any suicidal thoughts or hopelessness and
Dawn Abriel: No, no, man. Good. And you're not taking any prescription medicines.
Melissa Harrison: No, no. Yeah.
And
Dawn Abriel: And do you have any allergies to medicines.
Melissa Harrison: And now.
Dawn Abriel: So this is a question we ask, just to rule out any early dementia.
Dawn Abriel: Okay you bathe yourself dress yourself feed yourself. Go to the bathroom by yourself and go from one place to the other by yourself.
Dawn Abriel: You know who you are, where you are, what time of day it is. You can make your own decisions. You have a memory that's appropriate to your edge. You can focus and direct your attention and you can read
Melissa Harrison: Yes, ma'am.
Dawn Abriel: Now, good.
Me too.
Dawn Abriel: I want you to get your pulse. And to do that, you've got a muscle that goes from your job to your neck and right in front of that muscle.
Dawn Abriel: Us go to the other side of your neck.
Dawn Abriel: Take your right hand know take your right hand to the left side. Yeah. And right in front of the muscle. I think you and you can't push too hard. You won't get the pulse.
Dawn Abriel: Thank you too high up come down on your neck a little yeah right in there. Feel it.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, I'll tell you when to start counting
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Now,
Dawn Abriel: Stop number
Melissa Harrison: Seven.
Dawn Abriel: Wait.
Dawn Abriel: Now we're going to do a physical exam.
Dawn Abriel: Which is a little weird to do on camera but
Dawn Abriel: I want you to get really close to the camera and pull your eyelid down so I could
Come to your
Melissa Harrison: Under my island.
Dawn Abriel: Pull your eyelid down
Melissa Harrison: Like that.
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, but you're going to have to get a little closer.
Dawn Abriel: Perfect. Okay, let go pull back, move your eyes, all the way to the right and all the way to the left, all the way up and all the way down.
Melissa Harrison: And
Dawn Abriel: Either side of you knows
Dawn Abriel: Open your mouth really wide Stick your tongue out at me. Perfect. Very nice. Move your decide
Dawn Abriel: Yeah, right.
Dawn Abriel: Fight down no job pain and you're normally great swallow for me.
Dawn Abriel: Lovely take
Dawn Abriel: A deep breath.
Dawn Abriel: Okay and move the camera down just a little bit and let me see you push on your belly upper right upper left lower right lower left.
Melissa Harrison: What do you mean
Dawn Abriel: Push on your belly.
Dawn Abriel: Like
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: No pain, no lumps or bumps that don't belong there.
Dawn Abriel: Now move the camera down to your ankles and let me see that there's no swelling in your ankles.
Dawn Abriel: And feet up or something.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: You can just kind of push them down if you want
Melissa Harrison: I got him off.
Dawn Abriel: Great.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Now prop the camera. The phone backup.
Dawn Abriel: Want you to
Dawn Abriel: Look into your fingers. Good. No pain or discomfort when you do that. Good. Then tap your thumb against your finger their thumb. Good. Alright, so that's what I call a physical exam.
Melissa Harrison: All right.
And
Dawn Abriel: Did you already go get 'em.
Dawn Abriel: You haven't gotten any blood drawn yet.
Melissa Harrison: No, and they told me to talk to you about that because we only have one hospital here unless almost and I don't feel comfortable going to the hospital and getting lab work done right now. During coronavirus
Dawn Abriel: Well, I'm their lab has a protocol. So I want you to call and ask them how they keep people safe that that you have been
Dawn Abriel: I assume you've been keeping yourself safe you wear a mask you wear
Dawn Abriel: Goggles
Melissa Harrison: Your gloves. Oh, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Right. Okay. So I really do need to see that you that your liver is okay, is
Dawn Abriel: It just too important. I can't. I can't. It's like trying to practice medicine with one hand tied behind my back. I need to see the labs. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Just one time.
Dawn Abriel: And then
Dawn Abriel: Let's see if I can turn this off for a minute recording on so we haven't recorded. Should you relapse on the record, you know, while you're with us and
Dawn Abriel: I will put you on a monthly shot of vivid trawl it takes the craving away for alcohol.
Dawn Abriel: So if, if you get another DUI or you get, you know, you get in trouble. Without the hall, then that would be what we would do I would arrange for a doctor to give you a shot in your butt once a month to take away
Melissa Harrison: I don't feel comfortable with that.
Dawn Abriel: Well, the court will require
Shots.
Dawn Abriel: Well,
Dawn Abriel: Do you want to go to jail.
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay, so don't drink. Don't do it well.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, obviously I have
Dawn Abriel: Okay, okay. But that's what will happen. I'm just telling you that the judge will order it so
Dawn Abriel: I just like to make people aware that you know we don't we don't have a lot that we can. I mean, we write a report every week that goes to the courts that says yes she participated. She's doing great. She's taken on the therapy right
Dawn Abriel: And so they they get feedback about because they're paying for this, the courts pain for you to be in the program.
Dawn Abriel: You don't have to
Melissa Harrison: Well, I got a call center today. They asked me for my credit card.
Dawn Abriel: That's just a formality.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: That's a formality to court.
Melissa Harrison: Part, they said, We're going to charge like 200 bucks.
Dawn Abriel: And Mike
Dawn Abriel: Thank you for telling me. I'll miss I because
Dawn Abriel: I 90% positive that
Melissa Harrison: Last, last, last Friday. They asked me for it.
Melissa Harrison: Too, but I wasn't sure I didn't question, though, I guess.
Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: That's the contract. The Court has with bright heart health.
Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Just, just be sure and tell them they should we
Dawn Abriel: Have we've grown so much. Many of the clinics around the country have closed so we have had to absorb many more people. So we had to
Dawn Abriel: hire more people and they're not always up to speed. For instance, you are only the third person. We've done through the court so
Dawn Abriel: Exception that people don't
Melissa Harrison: Do
Dawn Abriel: You're not, that's not a regular thing. So they need to be told. And I will
Dawn Abriel: Okay, number
Dawn Abriel: Okay, and
Dawn Abriel: After we're done. You need to go back to the virtual clinic and do two things I want you to ask them how to do the BAM. The brief addiction monitor
Dawn Abriel: And I wanted to one more survey the ACE adverse childhood experiences that gives us an idea of the kinds of trauma, you might have had in your early years.
Dawn Abriel: Only it's only one time and then you'll be done. I'm going to be sending you an email. How often do you check the email that you get
Dawn Abriel: Them. Okay, great, because that's a great way to communicate with you know virtual clinic will solve your problems. If you have a particular medicine problem which you shouldn't because I'm not
Melissa Harrison: Prescribing any medicines for you, but
Dawn Abriel: You could get back to me. But what it will have on it is the therapist name and phone number and this phone takes text messages, but you're going to meet with us tomorrow at noon.
Melissa Harrison: Tuesday and yeah hopefully I have to talk to my boss when I go to work in the morning.
Melissa Harrison: To make sure I can
Melissa Harrison: Because I don't like it's just really short notice, the day before.
Melissa Harrison: Like if I'm saying for like next week, you know, he would be like, oh yeah, for sure, but I need to ask him when I get there, right.
Melissa Harrison: And see if that's even possible for tomorrow, have a
Melissa Harrison: Very short notice.
Dawn Abriel: If you can't be sure and go to the virtual clinic and let us know.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: Because if we don't get notification, then you end up getting a letter written to your probation officer and you don't want that to happen before keep us
Dawn Abriel: Right.
Dawn Abriel: So when's your group.
Melissa Harrison: tomorrow at noon. Hopefully,
Dawn Abriel: What are you going to do after you get off with me.
Melissa Harrison: I'm going to call back and do. Bam. Right.
Dawn Abriel: And and
Dawn Abriel: Say, yeah. So it's, I know it looks like a phone number, but it says zoom room number right
Melissa Harrison: Okay, yeah.
Dawn Abriel: Wait, the zoom. Okay, just because some people try they try dialing
Dawn Abriel: In they're frustrated and I
Dawn Abriel: Don't want that to happen to you.
Dawn Abriel: Do you have any questions for me.
No.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: So the I'm putting two things. Three things down here.
Dawn Abriel: Alcohol abuse.
Dawn Abriel: Nicotine
Dawn Abriel: Dependence and
Dawn Abriel: Marijuana dependence. So those are the three diagnoses. I'm putting just I like patients to know what what's being said about them.
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: All right, well, I
Dawn Abriel: Was a pleasure meeting you. And this group. I'm the doctor and the therapist is actually my daughter so
Dawn Abriel: I'm a little biased.
Dawn Abriel: You can tell me if I'm wrong. She was horrible. I hate her. So just so you know, have you been therapy before
Dawn Abriel: No. Okay.
Dawn Abriel: This is an intimate relationship and you've gotten haircuts before even though it's really long, I assume, right.
Melissa Harrison: Yeah, if
Dawn Abriel: someone gives you a bad haircut. Do you go give up on hairdressers
Dawn Abriel: Though well you call around to your friends and you say, I got a shitty haircut. What can I do, I need a better
Dawn Abriel: hairdresser, you get a referral. The same thing is true with a therapist if you don't really click after three or four visits, you have to say to her, if this isn't something's not working between us, because we have other
Dawn Abriel: therapists and we, you know, not everyone likes me. I have a particular personality and I rub people the wrong way.
Dawn Abriel: And some people asked to go have a different doctor, we don't take it personally. This is a professional situation, we don't take it personally. If a patient needs. Now if you change therapists four times we get a little suspicious there, you just don't want to be in therapy.
Dawn Abriel: To get but you get my idea.
Melissa Harrison: Real yeah
Dawn Abriel: won't stay with the therapist, just because that's you were assigned to her.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, make sure it's working. You have to be able to trust her in order to dig deep and bring up those issues that need to be polished off and understood
Melissa Harrison: Okay.
Dawn Abriel: All right, so
Dawn Abriel: If that is all I will let you go. And hopefully we'll see you tomorrow. Is there any way you can call your boss today.
Melissa Harrison: I can see it just depends on his days off. He doesn't answer and the only gets one day off a week, I'm pretty sure it was today, but I have to check. Once I get off and look at the schedule.
Dawn Abriel: Okay, okay, okay. Real good. Well,
Dawn Abriel: Okay, tomorrow, have a good Monday.
Melissa Harrison: Thank you. Yeah.
Dawn Abriel: I'm not sure there were even any bubbles here to fill in. She was a pretty straightforward.
Dawn Abriel: Intake
Dawn Abriel: And now I have to open the zoom room for group.